# ui5-test-runner v2

## The need for a version 2

When `ui5-test-runner` was first released, it was designed to solve a very specific problem.
To run the unit & integration tests of UI5 applications, the recommended solution was to use the `karma` runner.

Since then, the `@ui5/cli` tools have evolved and UI5 now supports TypeScript.
It means that the tool also had to evolve to be more compatible with the new possibilities.

### Running the application

To work properly, the runner must serve the application. 
The progress is measured by hooking the QUnit APIs and, through the hooks, AJAX callbacks are made to the inner server which then collects the successes and errors of the test.
To enable the hook injections, the server deliver UI5 files and modify some of them (notably the qunit.js source files).

With the progress of cli tools and the aim of UI5 to deliver more and more integrated tools, this approach was not sustainable.
the runner must be able to run an already served application.

### Reporting

One consistent feedback received on the first version of the runner was that reports were hard to capture.
Indeed, the HTML page was doing AJAX requests to collect the different files composing the execution status.
Once grabed and copied locally, the report could not be opened with file:// meaning it had to be served.

### Debugging

Another drawback of version 1 is the lack of visibility over the execution process.
One significant improvement was to add screenshots. At least, it was possible to "see" what happens during the tests.
Yet, many other information can be captured such as the console logs or the network traces.

### More browsers

From the beginning, the runner has been decoupled from the browser instantiation commands.
A very basic command line interface was designed to delegate the browser manipulation to a separate code.

However, the runner was assuming about the possibilities of what the browser was able to do.

I quickly realized that, to extend the range of supported browsers, the runner should be notified of the 

## Version 2

### Improved reporting

### Improved tracing

### More browsers